docs: modify the spellcheck job to use an ignore list DOC-1746 (#6633)
spectrocloud/librarium: README.md

The [.vale.ini](.vale.ini) file contains the configuration for Vale. We use the
[Spectro Cloud Vale](https://github.com/spectrocloud/spectro-vale-pkg) package to enforce our writing style.

### Spellcheck Entire Librarium

The [spellcheck-report.yaml](.github/workflows/spellcheck-report.yaml) is a recurrent job that uses Vale to run weekly
spelling checks on the entire repository. The Documentation & Education team monitors the results of these spelling
scans and ensures that errors are rectified.

If you find an error, you can remediate it through the following possible actions:

1. Raise a PR to add a new word to the [`spectro-vale-pkg`](https://github.com/spectrocloud/spectro-vale-pkg) accept
   list.
2. Skip Vale checks on the portion of the file that is triggering the error using the `<!-- vale off -->` element. This
   element must be set on a separate line, so it cannot be used to ignore a single line of a table or Markdown file
   front matter.

> 3. Add the error to the `vale-spellcheck-ignore.txt` to flag as an exception to the Vale spelling checks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Add the error to the `vale-spellcheck-ignore.txt` file to flag it as an exception to the Vale spelling check job.
```
maybe?
